WORKRATE — FIX HMRC GATEWAY STANDALONE DEPLOYMENT PACKAGE

The HMRC gateway was copied to the DigitalOcean Droplet and the deployment exposed a packaging issue.

Current server state:
- Ubuntu 24.04 LTS
- Node v20.20.2
- pnpm 12.3.4
- gateway located at /opt/workrate/hmrc-gateway

Deployment failures:

1.
pnpm install --frozen-lockfile

fails with:

ERR_PNPM_NO_LOCKFILE

because no pnpm-lock.yaml exists inside the standalone gateway package.

2.
pnpm build

fails with:

ERR_PNPM_CATALOG_ENTRY_NOT_FOUND_FOR_SPEC

because dependencies such as @types/node use workspace catalog references and the gateway no longer has the monorepo catalog context.

GOAL:
Make /services/hmrc-gateway a genuinely standalone deployable package that can be copied to a fresh Linux VM and built independently of the WorkRate monorepo.

REQUIREMENTS:

1. Remove all workspace-only/catalog dependency references from the gateway package.

2. Replace catalog/workspace dependency versions with explicit compatible package versions.

3. Generate and include a gateway-local pnpm-lock.yaml.

4. Ensure package.json is standalone and does not depend on:
- root workspace configuration
- root pnpm-workspace.yaml
- root catalog definitions
- root tsconfig paths
- sibling packages unless explicitly bundled/copied

5. Ensure TypeScript build resolves entirely inside /services/hmrc-gateway.

6. Preserve the existing gateway architecture and security behavior.
Do NOT rewrite the gateway unnecessarily.

7. Verify on a clean temp directory that ONLY the contents of /services/hmrc-gateway are sufficient to run:

pnpm install --frozen-lockfile
pnpm build

8. Verify the built gateway starts successfully with safe dummy environment values and fails closed where expected.

9. If the gateway currently imports shared WorkRate code, either:
- remove that dependency by copying only the minimal required internal types/helpers into the gateway package
OR
- bundle it so deployment still requires only the standalone gateway directory.

Do not make the DigitalOcean server depend on the entire WorkRate repository.

10. Keep:
- sandbox-only HMRC behavior
- HMAC authentication
- replay protection
- attestation
- redacted logs
- fail-closed fraud headers
- fixed HMRC sandbox routes
- no production HMRC path

11. Update README deployment instructions so they exactly match the now-working standalone package.

12. No publish.
No production HMRC request.

COMPLETION REPORT:
A. root cause
B. files changed
C. explicit dependency versions
D. local lockfile status
E. clean-directory install result
F. clean-directory build result
G. standalone startup result
H. whether a new tar.gz should be copied to the Droplet
I. exact replacement command/process on the Droplet