WORKRATE — FIX PRODUCTION RELEASE STORAGE CONFIGURATION SAFELY

The latest production deployment was correctly blocked by:

BUCKET_IDENTITY_MISMATCH

Current validator output:

environment: production
databaseMarker: null
storageMarker: null
bucketFingerprintStatus: invalid

message:
"The configured bucket is not the pinned bucket."

DO NOT disable or weaken the release validator.

DO NOT publish automatically.

GOAL:

Safely determine why production storage identity does not match the pinned expected production bucket, then configure the correct production release metadata without mutating customer files.

Please:

1. Inspect the current production storage configuration READ-ONLY.
2. Identify:
   - configured production bucket
   - actual bucket identity fingerprint
   - configured WORKRATE_EXPECTED_STORAGE_BUCKET_FINGERPRINT
   - production bucket environment marker status
   - production DB environment marker status
3. Determine whether:
   A. the correct production bucket is configured but the expected fingerprint pin is missing/wrong
   B. the wrong bucket is configured
   C. the production bucket marker has not yet been initialized
   D. the production DB marker has not yet been initialized
4. Do NOT auto-accept the currently configured bucket merely because it is present.
5. Do NOT derive and overwrite the expected fingerprint automatically from an unknown bucket.
6. Show me the exact mismatch and the safest remediation.
7. If a manual Replit secret/config action is required, give me ONE action at a time.
8. Do not write, move, rename, or delete any production customer objects.
9. Do not change production database contents except for the explicit immutable environment marker if we verify the correct production DB and I approve it.
10. Do not publish until:
   - WORKRATE_ENV=production
   - production DB marker=production
   - production storage marker=production
   - expected fingerprint matches the independently verified production bucket
   - pnpm verify:release-storage returns PASS

At the end, report whether production is safe to publish.